                                              paul lyu


Pico Hiring Manager                                         5512000709
32 Old Slip, 16th Floor                                     paulchlyu@gmail.com
New York 10005                                              5411 city place
                                                            Edgewater, NJ 07020
                                                            United States




April 8, 2026
Site Reliability Engineer

Dear Hiring Manager,

I am writing to express my interest in the Site Reliability Engineer position at Pico. This role excites me because
it combines my skills in customer support, and technical problem-solving in a dynamic and collaborative
environment. I believe that my background in engineering and my experience with customer-facing roles make
me a great fit for your team.

At the Federal Reserve Bank of NY, I have developed a solid foundation in technologies relevant to this position,
including support for real-time market data application in Linux as well as collaborating with the Bank's Cloud
DevOps teams.

My experience in the financial services industry has given me a deep understanding of market data systems,
application deployment and customer support. I excel at responding to production issues efficiently and have a
history of providing effective feedback for clients to maximize their use of software. Additionally, my ability to
script help streamline processes, automate tasks, ensuring continuous improvement of tools and systems.

I appreciate the importance placed on collaboration between engineers and development teams. I am eager to
contribute to the proactive monitoring of applications while ensuring that our clients thrive with Redline
products.

In summary, my technical expertise, customer-focused mindset, and collaborative spirit make me a strong
candidate for the Site Reliability Engineer role. I am eager to discuss how I can contribute to Pico's success.
Thank you for considering my application. I look forward to the opportunity to speak with you.

Sincerely,
Paul Lyu
